Date Created: 2/11/26 - Interview Practice, Common Questions, and Best Answers 
General Questions: Common - 
Tell me about yourself.
My Example Answer: I’m currently both a Computer Science tutor for college students, focused on improving grade outcomes and developing logical reasoning, and an OIT specialist, focused on applying technical knowledge to improve client outcomes. Over my time in these positions, I tutored over 200 different students in a variety of subjects and solved technological problems in nearly every department on campus. My strong technical foundation, ability to communicate complex topics, and passion for problem-solving make me perfect for this role of [Insert Role: Technical Analyst].
	Tips: Don’t give an entire life story or summary of your career- this question serves as an intro question, often seeking a simple elevator pitch of your career history and why you are applying for the particular position. Mention one big accomplishment, and transition into why you would be perfect for the role to end. Question Variants (Give Same Answer): I’d love to hear more about your journey. Tell me a little bit more about your background. Source.
Why do you want to work at this company?
My Example Answer: [Company Name] is one that I’ve been passionate about for quite some time now. The company’s mission statement of [Customer Focus, Community Building, Specific Goal] aligns exactly with my experience in customer service and performing results-focused work. Additionally, the exciting new data center that [Company Name] is constructing comes with a great many opportunities in AI development and data science. I’m hoping for the opportunity to grow professionally with this already expanding industry.
	Tips: Crucial advice for this question entails avoiding generic answers that could apply to any company. Given the vast number of applicants for most positions, it is important to stand out. Do research and point out something that makes the company unique that appeals to you in particular. To quote, ‘focus on the organization’s opportunities for future growth and how you can contribute to it.’ Research mission statement. Source.
Why Should We Hire You?
My Example Answer: You should hire me because I combine a strong technical understanding with the ability to clearly communicate that knowledge to non-technical individuals involved with the project. A [technical analyst] role requires the ability to make recommendations for business direction based on data, which requires a strong foundation in communication. Given the specific requirements of the role, my unique skillset puts me in a position to operate effectively without excessive training.
	Tips: List what your skills are, what skills the job requires, and how your skills fit the job's requirements. The attached source provides alternative ways to answer this question. Source.
What are your strengths?
MyExample  Answer: I’m very detail-oriented and organized, which has been especially important in my roles as a computer science tutor and an OIT office worker. As a tutor, I broke down complex technical concepts into clear, structured explanations tailored to each student. In the OIT office, I relied on careful documentation and organization to track issues accurately and resolve them efficiently. Those experiences strengthened my ability to manage technical details while communicating clearly and working reliably in fast-paced environments.
	Tips: ‘Stories are always more memorable than generalizations.’ Have a list prepared of career stories before entering the interview- especially ones that demonstrate your strengths with specific details.  Source.
General Questions: Curveball - 
Tell me something that’s not on your résumé.
Tips: Stay focused and don’t discuss something non-career related. Share something relevant but personal (learning style, motivation, approach). For me, I may talk about how I enjoy solving problems.
What would you do if you disagreed with your manager?
Tips: The interviewer is looking for maturity in the answer. Explain that you would first be sure to respectfully argue your position with your manager using data and statistics, and if disagreement persisted, would focus on executing whatever decision was made. Emphasize the importance of team cohesion over being right.
Specific Law School Application Questions: For Partner- 
What academic challenge are you most proud of overcoming?
What experiences confirmed that the law is the right path for you?
How would you contribute to our law school community?
Describe a time you had to make a persuasive argument in a non-academic setting.
